README.md, before:

# Amtega login_defs role

This is an [Ansible](http://www.ansible.com) role to setup login.defs shadow password suite.

## Requirements

- Ansible >= 2.4

## Role Variables

A list of all the default variables for this role is available in `defaults/main.yml`.

## Dependencies

None.

## Example Playbook

```yaml
---

  - hosts: localhost
    become: true
    roles:
    - role: amtega.login_defs
```

## Testing

Test are based on docker containers. You can run the tests with the following commands:

```shell
$ cd amtega.login_defs/tests
$ ansible-playbook main.yml -K
```

If you have docker engine configured you can avoid running dependant 'docker_engine' role (that usually requries root privileges) with the following commands:

```shell
$ cd amtega.login_defs/tests
$ ansible-playbook --skip-tags "role::docker_engine" main.yml
```

## License

Copyright (C) <YEAR> AMTEGA - Xunta de Galicia

This role is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of:
GNU General Public License version 3, or (at your option) any later version;
or the European Union Public License, either Version 1.2 or – as soon
they will be approved by the European Commission ­subsequent versions of
the EUPL;

This role is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details or European Union Public License for more details.

## Author Information

- Carlos Chedas Fernandez.

Commit message:

Integrated check_platform role and added password quality variables.

README.md, after:

# Amtega login_defs role

This is an [Ansible](http://www.ansible.com) role to setup login.defs shadow password suite.

## Requirements

[Ansible 2.7+](http://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/intro_installation.html)

## Role Variables

A list of all the default variables for this role is available in `defaults/main.yml`.

## Dependencies

- [amtega.check_platform](https://galaxy.ansible.com/amtega/check_platform)

## Example Playbook

```yaml
---

  - hosts: localhost
    become: true
    roles:
    - role: amtega.login_defs
```

## Testing

Tests are based on docker containers. You can setup docker engine quickly using the playbook `files/setup.yml` available in the role [amtega.docker_engine](https://galaxy.ansible.com/amtega/docker_engine).

Once you have docker, you can run the tests with the following commands:

```shell
$ cd amtega.login_defs/tests
$ ansible-playbook main.yml
```

## License

Copyright (C) 2018 AMTEGA - Xunta de Galicia

This role is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of:

GNU General Public License version 3, or (at your option) any later version; or the European Union Public License, either Version 1.2 or – as soon they will be approved by the European Commission ­subsequent versions of the EUPL.

This role is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details or European Union Public License for more details.

## Author Information

- Carlos Chedas Fernandez.
- Juan Antonio Valiño García.
